content: add kubernetes blog (#90)
nextflow-io/website: content/blog/2023/nextflow-kubernetes-enhancements.md

> title=Nextflow Kubernetes enhancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title=The State of Nextflow and Kubernetes
```

date=2022-12-20
type=post
description=It seems that Kubernetes is everywhere we look! Nextflow users increasingly see K8s as a viable compute environment for their bioinformatic pipelines. In this article, Ben Sherman, Seqera Lab’s master of all things Kubernetes, details recent improvements to the Nextflow/Kubernetes integration.
image=img/kubernetes-enhancements.jpg
tags=nextflow, kubernetes
status=published
author=Ben Sherman
icon=ben.jpg
~~~~~~

> Hi, my name is Ben, and I’m a software engineer at Seqera Labs. I joined Seqera in November 2021 after finishing my Ph.D. at Clemson University. I work on a number of things at Seqera, but my primary role is that of a Nextflow core contributor.

Reviewer 2: I find the term "Nextflow core" quite jarring 😅  Whilst accurate, is there another term we can use?

Reviewer 3: lol, Nextflow core is not nf-core 🤣

Reviewer 2: I know! But people call nf-core "Nextflow core" a lot, so I've kind of got used to reading it as such 😅

Reviewer 3: any suggestion?

Reviewer: Nextflow maintainer?

Reviewer 2: Yeah I usually say Nextflow maintainer, or developer 👍🏻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi, my name is Ben, and I’m a software engineer at Seqera Labs. I joined Seqera in November 2021 after finishing my Ph.D. at Clemson University. I work on a number of things at Seqera, but my primary role is that of a Nextflow maintainer.
```
